.\" Hiawatha manualpage
.\"
.TH SSI-CGI 1

.SH NAME
ssi-cgi - Server Side Includes parser as a CGI program


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ssi-cgi
.br
-h: show help and exit.
.br
-v: show version and compile information and exit.


.SH DESCRIPTION
SSI parser which works like a CGI application.


.SH SSI COMMANDS
SSI commands have the following format: <!--#command parameter="value"-->. This chapter shows all the available SSI commands and their parameters in ssi-cgi.
.TP
.B config
Use the config command to control the output.
.br

Parameters:
.br
.B errmsg:
Set the message ssi-cgi must print in case of an error.
.br

Example: <!--#config errmsg="SSI error"-->
.TP
.B echo
Print the value of a variable.
.br

Parameters:
.br
.B var:
Print the value of an environment variable.
.br

Example: <!--#echo var="DOCUMENT_ROOT"-->
.TP
.B exec
Execute a program and include its output at the position of the exec command.
.br

Parameters:
.br
.B cgi:
Execute a CGI program relative to the website root.
.br
.B cmd:
Execute any command as a parameter of /bin/sh.
.br

Example: <!--#exec cmd="ls -Flsh"-->
.TP
.B fsize
Print the size of a file.
.br

Parameters:
.br
.B file:
The file of which the size should be printed.
.br

Example: <!--#fsize file="info.txt"-->
.TP
.B include
Include another file at the position of the include command.
.br

Parameters:
.br
.B file:
Include another file relative to the current file.
.br
.B virtual:
Include another file relative to the website root.
.br

Example: <!--#include file="information.txt"-->
.TP
.B printenv
Print all environment variables.
.br

Example: <!--#printenv-->


.SH SEE ALSO
SSI-CGI is part of the Hiawatha webserver. See hiawatha(1) for more information about Hiawatha.


.SH AUTHOR
Hugo Leisink <hugo@hiawatha-webserver.org> - \fIhttp://www.hiawatha-webserver.org/\fP
