.\" Wigwam manualpage
.\"
.TH WIGWAM 1


.SH NAME
wigwam - check the Hiawatha webserver configuration for non-critical errors


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wigwam
[options]
.br
Options: -b <username> [<password>]: create password file entry for basic HTTP authentication.
.br
         -c path: path to where the configrationfiles are located.
.br
         -d <username> <realm> [<password>]: create password file entry for digest HTTP authentication.
.br
         -h: show help and exit.
.br
         -q: don't print the test results.
.br
         -s: print file hashes for current directory.
.br
         -t <toolkit_id>: test URL toolkit rule(s).
.br
         -v: show version and exit.


.SH DESCRIPTION
Wigwam is a configuration validation tool for the Hiawatha webserver. Use it to check the Hiawatha main configuration for non-fatal configuration errors. This tool loads the configuration in a different way then Hiawatha does, whereby it's easier to check for certain errors. These checks have been put in a seperate program, in order to keep Hiawatha from growing too large.


.SH URL TOOLKIT TESTING
With the option -t, you can use Wigwam to test your URL toolkit rules. When testing URL toolkit rules, you should only enter the part after the hostname in the URL. For example, if you want to test the URL "http://www.mydomain.com/index.php?key=value", you should enter "/index.php?key=value". A result shown as "old: <URL>" means nothing has been changed. When a toolkit rule has been applied, the result is shown as "new: <URL>".
.br

When testing the Header UrlToolkit rule, you can set the environment variables HTTP_HOST, HTTP_REFERER and HTTP_USER_AGENT to emulate the Host, Referer en User-Agent HTTP headers.
.br

To use URL toolkit testing, Hiawatha must not have been compiled with -DENABLE_TOOLKIT=off. Use 'hiawatha -v' for compile information.


.SH SEE ALSO
Wigwam is part of the Hiawatha webserver. See hiawatha(1) for more information about Hiawatha.


.SH AUTHOR
Hugo Leisink <hugo@hiawatha-webserver.org> - \fIhttp://www.hiawatha-webserver.org/\fP
